to people today I'm going to bring you a
form an alternative on how to
install pando now I think it's
pandora's in case someone does not know him
things that I do not believe when you're like a
radio station where further away
a radio station we can choose to
our singers that he likes and
we automatically hear all your
topics too
you drift
different kind of music genre
that you like for example to say something
the reggaeton and they are putting different
branches of reggaeton below this
application can only be installed
If you live in the USA
but as everyone knows there is
alternatives to do so there are many
people who say that you have to
create an itunes account with an idea
from us a tall count of us
maipo del ayto sorry for itunes
American and it would not be useful for your country
well today I'm going to show that that's not
it takes to do it because they ask you
an itunes account is to be able to
download the application not for anything else
as everyone knows we have
alternatives to download maya
that was not the same actor
for say
alternatives this light that are all
these there are more than 11 alternative insalud
where we with us select a
we downloaded the application pandora that
first we have to do
we select here
when I have it now, it is already
installed
I'm going
here now what will happen if I open it
it will not load well because
we have to create an account we have to
do
change the ip of our iphone
as you see here it says that I'm sorry but
it is not possible for your country where you are
but it is not compatible
good to do this
we're going to go to the following as a
moment that we are going to close this that is not
I want to open it
we're going here we have to create a
account
pl
I have like 4
and there are some places there are some
servers or people who charge you for
create this I 'm going to keep you
quiet you I'll teach you a
alternative to do it for free or if not
I had a free alternative and the
Another is
It's free but it's for a certain amount of
minutes
every time for a day is to say that in a
day have number of minutes when
it was cut off the next day it's going to
Rebuild but stay calm
that there are alternatives to avoid that one
Once we have said this, we see here that
we have an icon
he even keeps it here to activate it
turn it off
then let's go here let's finish this appears
icon as it comes out here as we see it here
now let's see if it works I'm going to
open the application
is going to ask you to register
I'm registered so I'm not going
to ask we're going to see this load
Can be closed
the application of one that is quiet
will not reopen that is normal had
past repeatedly until not me
grab or depend on the vpn server that
have according to the configuration
since we have entered this application
we can put the singers that
we like to say
as now
the other account I needed to put the bread
about why I asked
as they see that I came back with again
very well to be able to create the server
vpn what we have to do first is
go download this here I 'll
ask for what is to
windows for mac
we are going to put that is an iphone
Lets put
in our email once
we've put the email
it will automatically send a link
where we have to follow the
instructions to be able to do them when
we have finished we open the link and what
only thing that we have to do follows the
Steps
number 1 place this number 2 and number
that's what I showed earlier
good my people that more than more good a
once we have downloaded and have
dead then I'm going to
once you have reached our
mail
The first thing we have to do is
obviously open in our mail
follow the instructions and we will
find with these the number of
account server and password
also with the description the
description and all that information
because you are seeing now it will be
in your new mail you have to do
follow and paste the data and put it here
let's activate it
on purpose
if you are getting to need these
pandora's for our computer both
regardless of the system
operative plus windows linux do it to me
know and with pleasure some video tutorial
the same thing that goes on the iphone also
send in our computer
well we go back to our this we 're going to
Activate
once it is activated we return to
again to pandora
let's open it
let's hope it charges a little
it is very likely that the music does not
listen because it's going to record my voice and
no music
let's have a second
as they see right away that this is already
walking if it will not have been an error we see
that this has loaded well
the story came in next well so
good my people as you see spending well
the minutes and the template and everything for
my people thank you very much for being
here about all the little things for
subscribe cel and many many
thanks closes session thanks my people